Home
Sofas & Loveseats
Dean 92" California Casual Sofa Mineral Birch, Natural Gray Oak
Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Dean 92" California Casual Sofa Mineral Birch, Natural Gray Oak$3,398.99
$3,999.00
/ 
Sold Out  
Dean 92" California Casual Sofa Mineral Birch, Natural Gray OakTransitional style sofa featuring solid wood feet and comfortable cushions that provide great comfort.Your new favorite relaxing spot, superb quality and exquisite workmanship in . This stunning yet practical and durable work of art. Enjoy medium firm sitting and plenty of sitting surface to be comfortable.Dean 92" California Casual Sofa Mineral Birch, Natural Gray Oak Features:Reversible Seat and Back Cushions Â https://vimeo.com/720519769
Seat Cushions with Tie-Downs to Prevent Movement8-Way Hand Tied SuspensionSeat Cushion Fill: 2:1 Down/PolyesterBack Cushion Fill: 50% Polyester, 50% Down2 Square Throw Pillows IncludedThrow Pillows: 100% DownProduct Weight (lb.): 154Overall Dimensions (WxDxH): 92 x 40 x 32Seat Height: 19Seat Width: 76.5Seat Depth: 23.25Arm Height: 23.5Throw Pillows: 19 x 19Frame Finish: Natural Gray OakFrame Material: Solid Oak Wood, MDF, PlywoodUpholstery Finish: Mineral BirchUpholstery Material: 100% Polyester Fabric, Foam, Down Blend, Down Feather
Share
Returns & Refunds Policy
Returns and Refunds:
We stand behind all of the products we have curated for our site, and we work with the best manufacturers in the world to ensure you'll love every LOOMLAN item in your home. The design details, quality, safety, and sustainability of our products will meet, if not exceed, your expectations. We hope you love your selections, but if you're not completely satisfied with your purchase, we'll gladly take returnable items in an unused condition fit for resale within 5 days of delivery. (Note: Exclusions apply. See below).
All returns must have prior approval and a return authorization number assigned. 
Return freight charges must be paid for by the customer and the original freight charges are non-refundable. For items offered with free freight or discounted freight, the actual outbound shipping fees will be deducted from the amount refunded.
Merchandise must not be damaged and must be returned in the same condition in which it left the warehouse. This means that the product returned must be unassembled, in the original carton, and packaged in a new condition. If merchandise is not in new condition, the return will not be accepted or a restocking charge of up to 30% of the invoice will be deducted from the credit prior to issuing a refund.
If we identify an unreasonable return pattern, we may restrict or refuse future transactions or returns from such customers at any time.
Is My Item Returnable?
Not every item on our site is eligible for a return. Below is a list of non-returnable items:
Final sale items or gift cards
Wired or assembled products
Custom-made to-order items
Used items or items without original packaging
Returns from the location other than the original delivery
Altered items (repainted, refinished, cut, etc.)
Returns without prior authorization
International orders and orders outside of the contiguous US
Note that all items shipped back without prior Return Authorization or outside the 5 days return period will not be eligible for a refund. The customer is responsible for the shipping cost associated with returns.
If an order is delayed in transit, does the return policy still apply? Yes. We work tirelessly to ensure that your merchandise arrives to you on time. Many factors are outside our control. Unless a guaranteed delivery service was arranged at the time of order placement (typically at an additional charge), delays in transit time through no fault of LOOMLAN, LLC do NOT constitute an exception to the Return Policy. 
Shipping Policy
LOOMLAN General Shipping Policy
LOOMLAN Customer Service and Shipping Logistics teams are dedicated to getting your purchased items shipped to you as safely and efficiently as possible. Please make sure to read this shipping policy carefully to learn more about how and when your order will ship.
Front Door - Parcel Shipment
Your shipment will be delivered to the front door of your house.
You will not be required to sign the delivery document at the time of delivery.
If you live in a multi-unit apartment building, the driver will deliver to your front door whenever possible. If your building restricts access to non-residents, the driver will deliver to the closest point to your home where possible.
Curbside - Freight Shipment
This is a signature-required curbside delivery by freight truck.
The driver and the delivery team will call 48 in advance to schedule a date and time for your delivery.
You must be present at the scheduled time as you must sign for the delivery.
The curbside delivery team usually consists of 1 driver; therefore, your requests to bring inside will not be accommodated.
The driver will leave the shipment on a pallet (if your item shipped on one) on your driveway and/or curb of the location indicated at the time of purchase.
The driver will not unbox/open the shipment during curbside delivery.
Ground Floor/Indoor Delivery - Freight Shipment Only
The delivery team will bring your item inside your home /ground-level floor (no stairs).
The delivery team will not unbox the item.
The delivery team will not disassemble, move or modify existing furniture in your home.
Before buying products from us, you are responsible for measuring your space (doorways, elevators, stairways, etc.) to ensure they will fit into your home. If a product does not fit, it is sent back to us, and outbound and return shipping charges, plus a restocking fee, will be deducted from your refund.
The ground floor/indoor delivery is non-refundable.
Measuring Your Space
Product dimensions are listed on each product page. We recommend measuring your space to see if a product fits and can easily move into the intended room. Generally speaking, the door width should be greater than the box's height. Some other factors to keep in mind are:
Obstructions behind the door
Tight corners
Hallways or internal doors
Stairways (including the length)
Elevator measurements
Scheduling Your Delivery
Once your order is ready for delivery, the carrier will be in touch to let you know when it will arrive and what to expect on delivery day.
Smaller items are often sent via courier. These deliveries are not scheduled in advance, but we will share tracking information so you know when to expect their arrival.
Delivery Day
Ensure that the area where you plan to put your new item(s) is clear and that there is enough room for assembly (if needed)
You will receive a notification on the day of delivery from the delivery team.
If you live in a multi-unit apartment building restricting access to non-residents, the delivery team will deliver to the nearest point to your home that they can safely. If you live in a walk-up apartment, please let us know in advance.
*Special note on all MADE-TO-ORDER Purchases:
Estimated production times for Made-To-Order purchases vary by order. The current production time frame for made-to-order furniture is an average 4 weeks
Important:
The shipping address cannot be changed or modified once the order has shipped
If you refuse a package during delivery or if you provided the wrong shipping address (e.g. suite/apt number, phone number with no answer, or any other information that is missing) order will be returned to us and you will not be eligible for a refund.
Please note: a MADE-TO-ORDER item, depending on the frame finish and your choice of upholstery the production time, and therefore shipping will greatly differ for each order. We will reach out to you to confirm the timeframe for the order.
Free Curbside delivery is included with each order. You may purchase a ground/indoor delivery for an additional fee (see rates at the checkout)
New Introductions
Recently viewed