Ada TV Stand
6 reviews  
Regular price
R 2,899.00
Buy Now Pay Later Options
Payflex: R 724.75 x 4 interest free payments-> 
MoreTyme: R 966.33 x 3 interest free payments-> 
Mobicred: R 241.58 x 12 payments-> 
PayJustNow: R 966.33 x 3 interest free payments-> 
Default Title - R 2,899.00 ZAR
Quantity
Add to Cart
Description   Product Info  Delivery     Description   
Ada TV Stand is a beautiful colour combination of new oak wood, white and light Grey. This will be a great addition to your urban home.
No assembly required for this item.
Product Info  
Ada TV Stand
Width (cm)
Height (cm)
Depth (cm)
160
45
40
New Oak Wood, White and Light Grey
LDF & MDF
No assembly required
DeliveryDelivery ServiceDelivery throughout South Africa available by our logistics partners. All products are delivered assembled at no extra cost. Click & Collect?Customers can collect products directly from our Midrand warehouse.Delivery Cost?  Delivery costs for your order will be calculated and displayed at checkout or you may be required to contact us to confirm pricing to your location. Altering the delivery address after checkout, can result in adjusted delivery charges.How long will it take?After an order has been processed, estimated delivery time is within 1 to 10 working days. Delivery delays can occasionally occur, if there will be a significant delay in shipment of your order, we will contact you via email or telephone.Click for more information on our Delivery Policy.  Need help? Call us on 012 686 9926 or email us at info@ubikhome.co.za     
Share
Share on Facebook
Pin it
Pin on Pinterest
Customer Reviews         Based on 6 reviews  Write a review        83% (5)        17% (1)        0% (0)        0% (0)        0% (0)          J           Jay Lutchman        Well built product The TV stand is well built and of better quality than some of the others I’ve seen.               A           Anton Heuschen        Ada TV stand welcome in our home At first I wanted to buy the smaller Ida stand but then decided the Ada is a bit larger and taller and better suited.  Although there is no holes in the open display shelves of this unit I easily drilled 3 holes, one for cables and 2 more for ventilation and it looks neat. Happy with the space of the top for TV and soundbar and 2 lamps to the side. It is a basic but neat unit, and fits in with a modern style and laminate flooring (but it will do fine in any room and flooring type)               E           Eugene Jooste         Ada TV Stand               T           Thabo Gumede        Excellent Service I love my Ada Tv stand and Manilo coffee table , my lounge is so beautiful. Thank you UBIK for the beautiful quality furniture.               K           Kgolagano Matlhaga        Missing holes for cables Wish it had holes to fit decoder through             12     
Why Shop With Us
LOCATION
Locate UBIK HOME store
DELIVERY
Everything you need to know about your delivery
RETURNS
Easy returns via email
SECURE PAYMENTS
We offer a secure payment gateway