Home
STARK SIDEBOARD | BUFFET
Product photos
View in space
Product photo gallery thumbnails
STARK SIDEBOARD | BUFFET
Only  2  units are available!
translation missing: en.products.product.price.regular_price
$1,750.00
translation missing: en.products.product.price.sale_price
$1,750.00
translation missing: en.products.product.price.regular_price
translation missing: en.products.product.price.unit_price
/
translation missing: en.accessibility.unit_price_separator 
Sale
Sold Out
GST included.
Shipping calculated at checkout.
Description of STARK SIDEBOARD | BUFFET
Description
Dimensions
Shipping
Drama in all the right places
Whilst we love the beauty of natural oak, sometimes a little drama is needed. So if your space is full of white oak why not contrast with the Stark? Contrasting oak strip panels define this collection along with soft-closing doors to reveal a sleek black cavity space that's just as beautiful as the outside.
Black and Natural contrasting Oak defines the Stark. A striking contemporary collection with sliding doors to reveal a sleek black cavity space that's just as beautiful as the outside.
Dimensions:
W159 D45 H76.1CM
The Timber
Wood displays different grain patterns depending on which way they are cut - for example, the 'medullary ray' which can appear on oak furniture is a mark of good quality timber, these are just characteristics of the natural beauty of the wood. Wood veneers also allow distinctive patterns to be created on some surfaces, such as table tops and drawer fronts by the way slivers are arranged. All timber and veneer surfaces will change colour and mellow over time. New furniture will initially vary in shade from items that have been previously purchased.
Freight Prices
Below is the typical freight price to large towns and Cities in NZ except rural.
All North Island including Auckland deliveries - $120
Wellington - free pick-up, (choose "EMAIL bestfurniture@xtra.co.nz FOR A SHIPPING QUOTE" at checkout) or $120 delivery
Christchurch - $60 (or free pick-up)
South Island Cities or large towns - $75
This should come up at check-out, but if your address doesn't please email us on team@bestfurniture.co.nz and we will get you a quote.
W159 D45 H76.1CM
All rates for Shipping will be calculated at checkout.Typically the local Christchurch fee is $60.00. We also freight throughout New Zealand. If shipping is available to your area, shipping rates will be calculated at checkout, before payment is required.If you can't find a shipping rate, select the shipping option to get in touch and you will receive a quote. Please wait for a confirmation email with the freight costs.If you order a custom product or product from incoming stock, our sales team will call to arrange a delivery time with you once your order is available.
Product variants
Default Title
- $1,750.00
Quantity
Decrease quantity for STARK SIDEBOARD | BUFFET
Increase quantity for STARK SIDEBOARD | BUFFET
Add to Cart
Social Sharing
Share on Facebook