Home
/
Erica Park Bench
Erica Park Bench
£625.00
Add to cart
Add to cart
Erica Park Bench
£625.00
-+
Add to cart
0
LEFT IN STOCK
Relax on our beautifully designed Erica wooden bench in your garden. Expertly manufactured in Scandinavian Redwood from PEFC certificated sustainably sourced timber, for lifelong durability and aesthetic appeal. Robustly constructed in the traditional manner with tight fitting glued mortise and tenon joints.This bench would be perfectly suitable for commercial areas such as parks, public gardens, woodland areas, care homes and more. The Erica bench will comfortably seat at least 3 adults.Some easy assembly is necessary, following the instructions provided, or watch the videos we have created.
Augmented Reality
Reviews
Trustpilot
Dimensions
Chair Width: 140 cmSeat Depth: 54 cmSeat Height From Ground: 52 cmBack Rest Height: 56 cmOverall Depth: 70 cmOverall Width: 155 cmOverall Height: 95 cm
Seconds Available
At least one ex demo or second has been listed recently for this item. You might like to check our Seconds page.
Assembly PDF
Erica Bench Assembly Instructions
Assembly Video
Have you seen these?
Trending now
Terassi 3 Seat Garden Swing
£1,025.00
Designed for relaxation, this swing seat is perfect for sitting and enjoying the outdoors. The swing is a beautiful and striking piece of furniture which will look fantastic as the focal centrepiece in any garden or patio area. The side shelves provide the perfect space to rest your refreshments. The swing seat is solid structure crafted using traditional precision joinery methods that can withstand daily usage for many years and will not break or become brittle over time. Our range of fabulous and comfortable cushions will make the experience of sitting in your Pepe Swing Seat all the more enjoyable, or why not go for the full affect and add the footrest option, high back option, canopy frame and mesh or all of the above. Some easy assembly is necessary, following the instructions provided or watch the video we have created. Made from long lasting, slow grown, Scandinavian redwood, you can expect your swing to be in position for many years to come. To keep it in perfect condition, apply a coat of our Furniture Protector every couple of years. We supply you with a complementary tin with your purchase. All of our furniture is PEFC certified sustainable.
Add to cart
Lilli 2 Seat Garden Swing
£820.00
Designed for relaxation, this swing seat is perfect for sitting and enjoying the outdoors. The swing is a beautiful and striking piece of furniture which will look fantastic as the focal centrepiece in any garden or patio area. The side shelves provide the perfect space to rest your refreshments. The swing seat is solid structure crafted using traditional precision joinery methods that can withstand daily usage for many years and will not break or become brittle over time. Our range of fabulous and comfortable cushions will make the experience of sitting in your Pepe Swing Seat all the more enjoyable, or why not go for the full affect and add the footrest option, high back option, canopy frame and mesh or all of the above. Some easy assembly is necessary, following the instructions provided or watch the video we have created. Made from long lasting, slow grown, Scandinavian redwood, you can expect your swing to be in position for many years to come.  To keep it in perfect condition, apply a coat of our Furniture Protector every couple of years. We supply you with a complementary tin with your purchase. All of our furniture is PEFC certified sustainable.
Add to cart
Terassi 3 Seat Garden Swing - Seat Only
from  £565.00
Designed for relaxation, this swing seat is perfect for sitting and enjoying the outdoors. The swing is a beautiful and striking piece of furniture which will look fantastic as the focal centrepiece in any garden, patio, or porch area. The swing seat is solid structure crafted using traditional precision joinery methods that can withstand daily usage for many years and will not break or become brittle over time. The swing seat includes a pair of stainless steel chains enabling you to hang the seat from a suitable place. Please choose the length of chain required.Our range of fabulous and comfortable cushions will make the experience of sitting in your Pepe Swing Seat all the more enjoyable, or why not go for the full affect and add the footrest option, the high back option, or even both. Some easy assembly is necessary, following the instructions provided or watch the video we have created.Made from long lasting, slow grown, Scandinavian redwood, you can expect your swing to be in position for many years to come.  To keep it in perfect condition, apply a coat of our Furniture Protector every couple of years. We supply you with a complementary tin with your purchase. All of our furniture is PEFC certified sustainable.If you require custom chain lengths, please contact us directly.
Add to cart
Lilli 2 Seat Garden Swing - Seat Only
from  £480.00
Designed for relaxation, this swing seat is perfect for sitting and enjoying the outdoors. The swing is a beautiful and striking piece of furniture which will look fantastic as the focal centrepiece in any garden, patio, or porch area. The swing seat is solid structure crafted using traditional precision joinery methods that can withstand daily usage for many years and will not break or become brittle over time.  The swing seat includes a pair of stainless steel chains enabling you to hang the seat from a suitable place. Please choose the length of chain required.Our range of fabulous and comfortable cushions will make the experience of sitting in your Pepe Swing Seat all the more enjoyable, or why not go for the full affect and add the footrest option, the high back option, or even both. Some easy assembly is necessary, following the instructions provided or watch the video we have created. Made from long lasting, slow grown, Scandinavian redwood, you can expect your swing to be in position for many years to come. To keep it in perfect condition, apply a coat of our Furniture Protector every couple of years. We supply you with a complementary tin with your purchase. All of our furniture is PEFC certified sustainable.If you require custom chain lengths, please contact us directly.
Add to cart
Browse all the collections
View all collections
All deliveries are carbon neutral
Powered by Shopify Planet
Follow USFor the latest news plus special offers and promotions please follow Pepe Garden Furniture on our social media channels.     
CONTACT USSpeak to a real person using the Chat with Us feature on this website. Or telephone: 01803 229980 (Sales)From 8.30 am including evenings, and at weekends.For our showroom, warehouse and administration01803 712712 | Mon - Fri 8.30 am - 4.30 pmPepe Garden Furniture LimitedUnit 9, Halwell Business Park,  Totnes, Devon TQ9 7LQ 
Useful Links
Contact Us
Newsletter Subscription
Project & Trade Accounts
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
License PEFC/16-37-013 | Promoting Sustainable Forest Management |  Chain of Custody BMT-PEFC-0020 | 70% PEFC Certified