Zoom
Ridge Accent Chair
Sale price$1,899
Regular price(/)
Customize
Add to Cart
Your Selections:
Ships 8-10 with White Glove service for $175.
DetailsA solid, roomy chair with an airy, modern look. Ridge Accent Chair's subtle arm flange and ladder back bring elegance to its handcrafted build, while loose seat and back cushions provide a cushy sit. Dress up that empty hallway nook or pair two chairs facing your sofa for the perfect entertaining setup (now everyone has the best seat in the house!). Made to order in the US with your choice of fabric, filling, and smooth Maple or rich Walnut wood. Cushions: Loose seat cushions and back pillows with removable zippered covers for spot cleaning. Some fabrics are machine washable as noted in the fabric information.How it Sits: Medium depth and higher seat height for more back and upright support.Back Height: 31"Seat Height: 18"Seat Depth: 20"Depth: 28"Length: 27"
DIMENSIONS PDF
Unparalleled qualityWe make our furniture in the USA and by hand: in fact, it takes around 16 hands to make each piece. The result? Truly durable furniture with exquisite craftsmanship that you'll love living with, well, forever. We're proud to back up our quality with an industry-leading lifetime warranty.
Solid Wood FrameExpertly crafted by hand in your choice of domestically sourced, FSC-certified Hard White Maple or American Walnut.Fabrics & Leathers for Real LifeWe source lasting, cleanable, and eco-friendly fabrics for every lifestyle, from “oops”-proof to ooh, that’s nice.Comfort, ElevatedThoughtful construction meets premium, cozy cushioning to provide exceptional comfort and support: less oof, more ahhh. Feel it out with our easy-breezy in-home trial.
Easy Shipping & Returns
Made for you in the U.S.A.Built to your specifications in California and Oregon using thoughtfully-sourced materials.
Try it out at homeGive your furniture a test run to make sure you're in love with the comfort and look. Delivered with White Glove service.
Easy ReturnsIf you're not happy with your purchase, we'll pick it up and refund you.
Go to item 1
Go to item 2
Go to item 3
Start with SamplesYou're one sample kit away from customizing your perfect piece. Order up to seven free fabric samples to experience in your home.
GET SAMPLESHealthy Home, Healthy PlanetWe take ultimate care in selecting what goes into our furniture. Click below for an overview of the materials we use.
SEE OUR MATERIALS
Join our NewsletterJoin for 5% off your first order, new releases, and more.E-mail
Subscribe
Explore
Our Story
Craftsmanship
Lookbook
Blog and Home Tours
Giving Back
Helpful Tools
FAQ
Reviews
Comfort Guide
Product Care
Shipping
Financing
Trade Program
Support
Contact
Free Design Advice
Order Tracking
Warranty
30-Day Trial and Returns
1 (323) 801-6892
© 2023, Medley • all rights reserved • privacy • terms • Accessibility