Molloy ChairNau
Regular price
Variants in stock
Estimated lead time 8 weeks
In stock
Adding product to your cart
This item is part of our Considered CollectionElegantly sculptural, the Molloy collection of dining tables, chairs, shelving and coffee tables feature fluid detailing inspired by a rare act of nature.The idea for the artfully rounded joinery, where two elements meet and seamlessly become one, comes from the unusual meeting of two rivers to form the Molloy River in Western Australia – a place where Adam Goodrum hand-built a holiday home with his family. The Molloy collection is available in a variety of timber finishes.Winner of the Good Design Awards 2016. 
Product made from sustainably sourced materials with a lower environmental impact than conventional alternatives.
Share
Share on Facebook
Pin it
Pin on Pinterest
Quantity must be 1 or more
Choose your options 
In stockEstimated lead time 8 weeks
TIMBER
Choose Timber 
Ash
Black Stained Ash
Oak
Walnut
Ash
Black Stained Ash
Oak
Walnut
Download Finishes and Upholstery Overview
Enquire Now
Lead Time - 8 weeks
Specifications
Materials
Resources
Care & Maintenance
52W x 50D x 78H cm 45cm seat height
Width: 520 mm 
Depth: 500 mm 
Height: 780 mm 
Download NAU Standards Finishes and Upholstery Overview
Solid timber in oak, walnut, ash or black stained ash. 
- Download NAU finish guide
- Download product sheet
- Download 3D Files
- Download technical drawings
- Download sustainability credentials
- Download Care & Maintenance guide
By Adam Goodrum
A firm believer that every environment is defined by the objects within it, Adam Goodrum designs with the philosophy that an object must therefore justify its existence – through its story and detailing. For this reason, his designs celebrate process and craftsmanship, and accentuate components and joinery to create functional pieces with spirit and personality. In recent years, Goodrum’s work has been awarded a host of design accolades including the NGV Rigg Prize, Vogue x Alessi Design Prize, Indesign Luminary Award and the Idea Awards Editor’s Medal. He has also been commissioned to design pieces for several global luxury brands including Veuve Clicquot, Alessi and Cappellini.
Inspiration
Hee Welling x HAY Designer talks. In conversation with Hee Welling
Hee Welling x HAY Designer talks. In conversation with Hee Welling
Hee Welling x HAY Designer talks. In conversation with Hee Welling
Hee Welling x HAY Designer talks. In conversation with Hee Welling