Sale Off Grow With Me Chair® (2-pack)$99.99Free Continental US Shipping ColorEspressoQuantityAdd To Cart  
Little Partners Grow with Me Chair® is the perfect supportive seating solution for your little one. We have thoughtfully designed this chair to provide all the correct basic seating principles.
Not only beautiful in its design, the Grow with Me Chair™ provides a high back, adjustable height, durable hardwood construction, and TWO CHAIRS for the price of one. And the best part? No dangling feet! Through extensive research, we have learned that having your child’s feet positioned firmly on the ground while sitting not only helps them to focus more clearly but also gives them a greater sense of confidence and independence. Supports up to 50 lbs.
PRODUCT INFORMATION
The Grow with Me Chair® by Little Partners® includes TWO adjustable toddler chairs. 
Hassle-free, easy assembly! Our EZ Assembly™ design takes less than 15 minutes to assemble with provided hardware. Perfect for busy parents; especially those who dislike spending a lot of time on assembly. 
Lightweight design, and convenient built-in carry handle makes moving chair from one place to another easy.
3-level height adjustment helps children sit comfortably with both feet positioned on the ground.
Comfortable high seat back provides added comfort and security.
Supports up to 50 lbs.
DETAILS THAT MATTER
GREENGUARD GOLD CERTIFIED*: This product has undergone rigorous scientific testing for over 10,000 chemical emissions and VOCs. It contributes to cleaner indoor air, creating a healthier environment for your baby to sleep, play, and grow.
Constructed from the highest-quality layered Birch and Poplar that is EPA TSCA Title VI and FSC (Forest Stewardship Counsel) compliant.
Finished in child-safe, non-toxic paints and materials. Safety Tested to ASTM F963-17 and 16 CFY Part 1307 for lead, heavy metals, and phthalates.
Our products come with a LIFETIME WARRANTY*, guaranteeing long-lasting durability.
Includes two chairs.
Fits well with standard toddler play tables.
No tools needed for height adjustment.
Dimensions: 11.54”L x 14.96”W x 16.81”H  
CARE AND ASSEMBLY
Assembly required.
Wipe clean with a damp cloth.
Color: Available in Natural, Soft White, Espresso and Silver Drop.
*LIFETIME WARRANTY details can be found under Customer Care
ShippingReturnsSale Off 3-in-1 Learning Booster Seat and Step Stool$99.99Add To CartSale Off MOD Booster Seat Cushion$9.99Add To CartSale Off Explore 'N Store™ Learning Tower®$159.99Add To CartSale Off Peek-A-Boo Art Easel$159.99Add To Cart